# ch3_baxleypasswordgen

## Description

This project was the creation of a Java Script file to facilitate a password generator with provided HTML and CSS (link to posted Github pages). The process involved creating a JS file with some provided code to create a function that would allow a user to select desired criteria for a password and then receive a randomized password that contains the selected criteria.!

This process involved creating arrays for desired criteria and then selecting alerts, prompts, and confirms through an if statement that would allow the user to select the length of the password as well as if it contained numbers, lowercase letters, uppercase letters, and symbols.
Once the desired criteria were selected, a For Loop was utilized to randomly select a string from the arrays and create a password. Finally, this password was written back into the page though a provided function.

This project was a challenging jump into Java Script but was extremely beneficial in understanding the format and functionality of Java Script. I greatly enjoyed working on the password generate as it is the first step into making webpages interactive. One continuous issue with this project is that, while it still provides a random password, there is a possibility that when a shorter password is requested not all criteria may be selected. Since the arrays that contain the options for the password are pushed into one array, the random selection from this new array possesses the possibility to miss a criterion. This possibility is small, but still a statistical possibility.

## Installation

No Instalation Steps

## Usage

This project can be initiated by simply selecting the "Generate Password" button and completing the window prompts that follow. Multiple passwords can be generated by simply clicking the button again.
[Alt text](Assets/03-javascript-homework-demo.png)

## Credits

HTML, CSS, and starter Java Script Code provided by Berkely Bootcamp.

## License

N/A
